Don't be afraid of enemies who attack you. Be afraid of the friends who flatter you.
You can make more friends in two months by becoming interested in other people than you can in two years by trying to get other people interested in you.
Talk to someone about themselves and they'll listen for hours.
To be interesting, be interested.
Names are the sweetest and most important sound in any language.
You do not rise to the level of your goals. You fall to the level of your systems.
You should be far more concerned with your current trajectory than with your current results.
When nothing seems to help, I go and look at a stonecutter hammering away at his rock, perhaps a hundred times without as much as a crack showing in it. Yet at the hundred and first blow it will split in two, and I know it was not that last blow that did it-but all that had gone before.
Professionals stick to the schedule; amateurs let life get in the way.
The greatest threat to success is not failure but boredom. We get bored with habits because they stop delighting us. The outcome becomes expected. And as our habits become ordinary, we start derailing our progress to seek novelty.
The more something threatens your identity, the more you will avoid it. 
When dealing with people, let us remember we are not dealing with creatures of logic. We are dealing with creatures of emotion, creatures bristling with prejudices and motivated by pride and vanity. 
Don’t just sit there. Do something. The answers will follow.
Any fool can criticize, condemn and complain - and most fools do. But it takes character and self-control to be understanding and forgiving. 
Keep your friends for friendship, but work with the skilled and competent.
Never waste valuable time, or mental peace of mind, on the affairs of others-that is too high a price to pay.
If someone is better than you at something, then it's likely because they have failed at it more than you have.
The desire for more positive experience is itself a negative experience. And, paradoxically, the acceptance of one’s negative experience is itself a positive experience.
We don’t always control what happens to us. But we always control how we interpret what happens to us, as well as how we respond.
To show your frustration is to show that you have lost your power to shape events. The powerful never reveal this kind of weakness
Action -> Inspiration -> Motivation
If we follow the "do something" principle, failure feels unimportant. When the standard of success becomes merely acting-when any result is regarded as progress and important, when inspiration is seen as a reward rather than a prerequisite-we propel ourselves ahead. We feel free to fail, and that failure moves us forward.
Always say less than necessary
Don't stop when you're tired, stop when you're done.
The magic you're looking for is in the work you're avoiding.
No one has the right to do wrong, even if wrong has been done to them. 
Don’t be overheard complaining, not even to yourself.
Ships don't sink because of the water around them. Ships sink because of the water that gets in them.
Difficulty prepares an ordinary person for extraordinary destiny
Difficulties strengthen the mind, as labour does the body.
We suffer more often in imagination than in reality. 
A man who suffers before it is necessary, suffers more than is necessary.
The reason you're stressed is you have decisions to make - and you're not making them.
God will steer the boat. But you must row. 
